[ Wind Whistling ]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ Man ]
Viewer beware.
You're in for a scare.
Goosebumps.
[ Dog Barking ]
[ Ticking ]
[ Barking Continues ]
[ Raspy Breathing ]
I'm going to play with your camera.
Here. Let me show you how it's done.
[ Screams ]
- Say "Cheese!"
- No! Don't take my picture!
[ Laughing ]
No!
- [ Shouts ]
- Greg!
Calm down.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
I'm fine, Mom. Thanks.
- Do you want me to leave the lights on?
- No way! I'm fine.
Okay. Good night.
[ Man ]
Oh, this is so boring.
[ Thinking ] "The Curse of
the Evil Camera." Tsk, tsk, tsk.
[ Sighs ]
[ Greg Thinking ] Come on. Give me
an "A," "Saurpuss." I need an "A."
[ Teacher Thinking ]
"And so I realized...
"that the camera not only
predicted the future,
but it made it bad."
Hmm.
Quite the storyteller.
- Tsk, tsk, tsk.
- Mr. Saur?
- Hmm?
- You did wanna see me.
- Right?
- One moment, please.
I'm not done yet.
[ Sighs ]
"'The Curse of the Evil Camera'
by Greg Banks."
Hmm.
That's quite an interesting report
you gave today.
Thank you, Mr. Saur.
A camera that always predicts
a horrible future. Very intriguing.
- Does that mean I get an "A"?
- No.
- That means you get an "F."
- But--
But, Mr. Saur, you said it was intriguing.
How can you give me an "F"?
The assignment was for a true story
that changed your life, not a tall tale.
But I'm telling you,
my story is true.
So your father actually had
an accident with his new car?
- [ Horn Honking ]
- [ Tires Screeching ]
- Yes.
- And your friend mysteriously disappeared?
Yes. Yes.
I'm telling you, it all happened.
You've gotta believe me.
My story is true.
- I'm not making it up.
- Well, then, Greg,
I will have to change your grade.
- You will?     - All you have
to do is prove your story is true.
- Prove it?
- Mm-hmm.
- But how?   - That's very simple.
Bring me this evil camera.
Prove to me that it exists,
and I'll change your grade.
Have a nice day.
- [ Spider's Voice ] Say "Cheese!"
- [ Echoing ]
[ Greg Thinking ] I never thought
I'd have to see Spider again.
He gives me the creeps.
That camera of his was dangerous.
It caused my dad's accident,
Shari's disappearance.
Okay. Calm down. Everything will be
okay if I don't take any pictures.
- [ Spider's Voice ] Say "Cheese!"
- [ Echoing ]
[ Greg Thinking ] Oh, man,
the building's gone. They blew it up.
I'm gonna fail.
What's this? "Sold"?
Spider!
I wonder if they took the basement.
It was in the basement.
[ Shouts ]
[ Screeching ]
Hello?
Is anybody here?
- [ Screeching ]
- [ Gasping ] Whoa!
There it is. What luck.
I feel an "A" comin'.
[ Warbling ]
- What are you doing?
- I--
This is private property.
I'm tired of you kids
running around down here.
- Give that to me.
- I need it!
Give it to me now!
Aah!
Hey, come back here!
[ Screams ]
[ Groaning ]
So glad you could make it home.
Mom.
I didn't know you were there.
Mmm. You know, next time,
I'd really appreciate a phone call...
when you decide to miss dinner.
Sorry, Mom. I had to do some
research for my report. Good night.
Your report? Wait.
Didn't you have to give that in today?
- No, I have to give it in tomorrow.
- Well, are you ready?
Come on, Greg.
You need a good grade here.
- Hate to see you miss summer camp.
- I'm ready.
It's gonna be a great report.
- I'll see you in the morning.
- I brought home some dinner. You should eat.
- Really, Mom, I'm not hungry.
- [ Sighs ]
- Good night.
- Watch out! I'm late for work.
Late? Terry, you were late
yesterday too. Come on!
You gotta learn how to be on time.
You're gonna get fired.
Mr. Kramer isn't gonna fire me, Mom.
I'm his only employee.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
[ Sighs ]
Hmm.
- [ Scraping Sounds ]
- [ Gasps ]
[ Wind Whistling ]
Hmm.
Nice and safe.
[ Spider Chuckling ]
[ Chuckling Continues ]
- [ Spider's Voice ] Say "Cheese!"
- [ Echoing ]
- Walking to school?
- Shari.
Uh, yeah. I didn't
get much sleep last night.
- I missed the bus.
- What do you have there?
- Nothing.
- It's that camera.
- You went back and got it?
- I had to.
I gave my report, and Mr. Saur
thought I was making it up.
If I don't prove to him the
camera exists, he's gonna fail me.
- Then fail!
- Look, you don't understand.
No, you look!
That camera is evil, remember?
We had a pact
never to touch it again.
Take it home now.
You can put it back after school.
You can't tell me what to do.
It's my grade.
Don't you remember
how dangerous that camera is?
All the horrible things it did?
It made me disappear.
- I gotta get to school.
- I'm not letting you go.
- Get out of my way!
- Give me the camera.
- No!
- Give it to me!
[ Camera Warbling ]
- Look what you did!
- I'm sorry. It was an accident.
Maybe this time
it won't be something bad.
I don't wanna disappear again!
What's gonna happen?
Nothing.
It's just a negative of you.
I think you're okay.
The camera must be broken.
- Are you nuts?    - If it's broken,
you wouldn't mind me taking your picture.
It's not funny!
Give it to me!
No! I'm fat!
It's not funny.
You think this is a big joke?
Big? Yes, it is a big joke.
Don't worry.
The camera's broken, remember?
What if it isn't?
- What if--
- What?
What if we start changing?
I'm bringing the camera to school.
I'll put it back after I show Saur
in English class tomorrow.
Everything will be okay.
[ Spider's Voice ]
Say "Cheese!"
[ Thinking ]
I don't look any different.
Anyone can stick their stomach out.
That's normal.
Everything's gonna be okay.
- [ Spider's Voice ] Say "Cheese!"
- [ Echoing ]
[ Ringing ]
[ Glass Shatters ]
[ Groaning ]
- [ Fabric Tearing ]
- Huh?
What's happening?
No! No!
No!
[ Phone Ringing ]
- Hello?
- It's Shari.
Shari, I woke up,
and I was huge.
I'm like a blimp. I told you
not to take that picture.
[ Mom ] Greg,
you're gonna be late for school.
- I'm not ready.
- I don't need to know that.
- Hold on. What is it, Mom?
- Don't be late for school.
- Remember, you have that report.
- Oh, shoot!
- This is all your fault.
- Well, you've got--
- I can't talk now!
- [ Phone Beeps ]
[ Dance Vocalist Indistinct ]
[ Greg Thinking ] Nothing fits me
anymore. What am I gonna wear?
[ Straining ]
This is crazy!
[ Sighs ]
Aw, forget it.
- My report is on the--
- [ Door Opens ]
[ Children Snickering ]
[ Laughing, Chattering ]
[ Boy ]
Look at his face!
Excuse me!
What's your name?
It's me, Greg.
Greg Banks.
What are you doing
in this grotesque costume?
- Get rid of this padding.
- It's not a costume.
It's the evil camera.
It made me fat.
- The only fat is between your ears,
Mr. Banks.    - [ Laughter ]
So this is the evil camera.
[ Chuckles ]
- Doesn't look much like a camera to me.
- Mr. Saur, no!
Don't take a picture.
Thank you.
- Now can I please finish my report?
- No, you cannot.
We've had enough of this grotesque
little joke. Now sit down.
Sit!
Okay, Marci,
proceed with your report.
Thank you. My report is on the
gymnastics camp I went to last year.
I specialized in tumbling
and on the balance beam.
It takes a lot of concentration
to do well on the balance beam--
- Whoa!
- [ All Laughing ]
[ Door Slams ]
- Marci, proceed, please.
- Thank you. My report--
[ Doorbell Rings ]
[ Rumbling ]
Shari! You look so skinny.
What happened to you?
I tried to tell you on the phone.
Now I know why you wouldn't listen.
- It's that camera.
- No kidding.
I eat and eat,
but nothing seems to work.
I weigh ten less pounds
than I did a few hours ago.
At this rate, I'm gonna explode
and you're gonna vanish.
- We've gotta do something.
- But what?
Maybe if we took another picture,
it'll turn out normal.
I don't know. Uh-oh!
I'm getting that feeling! Oh!
I think you just lost
another pound. Oh!
[ Groaning ]
You're right, Greg.
We've got to try something.
I'm so weak.
Hurry up. My parents are gonna
be here any second.
Here goes.
[ Groans ] I had a feeling
this was not a good idea.
[ Gasping ]
Don't panic. We've got to calm down.
There's gotta be a way out.
- Think positive. We have to think positive.
- Positive?
Positive!
Maybe that's it!
[ Doorbell Tingles ]
Hey, Shari.
What happened to you?
- [ Groaning ]
- Who's this?
This used to be your brother.
Whoa! What is this,
some kind of joke?
It's not a joke.
You have to help us.
Remember that evil camera
we found last year?
It's back,
and we're under its curse again.
You have to reverse these photos.
Take this negative
and make it a positive.
And take this positive
and make it a negative.
- Can you do it?
- I don't know.
- Uh, I'll try.
- If you change these pictures,
maybe it'll reverse
what's happening to us.
We don't know if it'll work,
but it's our only chance.
I don't believe this.
Please!
We don't have much time left.
Oh. I can feel it.
- I'm gonna explode.
- Please, Terry!
Okay. Okay.
Please, Terry,
before it's too late.
I don't want anyone to see you.
Back there.
Shari, you're wasting away.
Here.
Try to eat this chocolate bar.
I can't. I'm too weak.
Terry, hurry up!
I'm working as fast as I can!
[ Both Groaning ]
Terry! Terry!
- [ Shouting ]
- It's too late.
- Too late.
- Shari!
No!
Greg! Shari!
Greg!
It-- It worked!
It worked!
[ Greg ]
By reversing the pictures,
Terry was able to return Shari
and I back to normal size.
- And here's the camera that caused it all.
- [ Warbling ]
- Well, Mr. Saur?
- "Well" what?
- Do I get an "A" now?
- No, you get an "F."
- What?   - Anybody can come
in here with a silly contraption...
and say that it has fantastic powers.
You haven't proven anything.
But I was a blimp.
Now I'm thin.
- How do you explain that?
- The costume.
I knew it all along.
Mr. Banks, you have no idea...
to what lengths students will go
to get an "A" in this class,
which they have never gotten.
Of course, you went
a little further than most.
- So you still don't believe my story?
- No, I do not.
There is, however, one way to prove
that your story is true.
- How?
- Take a picture with this evil camera.
No!
Please don't!
[ Camera Warbling ]
Oh! Look at this.
That's-- That's quite amusing.
You've got a--
An instant camera in there,
and here's a trick photograph.
You went to a lot of trouble though.
[ Sighs ]
It's not a trick.
Of course it's a trick.
What are you talking about?
- [ Boy ] Look! He's losing his hair!
- [ Laughter ]
- [ greg ] You got your proof.
- What's happening--
What's happening here?
What's happening?
[ Laughter Continues ]
[ Mr. Saur Shouting ]
It's not a joke!
- [ Spider's Voice ] Say "Cheese!"
- It's not a joke!
Captioned by Grant Brown
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org